hi everyone budget stock here thanks for
tuning in
I'll say this is a pose video for the
star boots mark 39 it's not going to be
a review so if you guys are looking for
a review I strongly suggest you check
out a few youtubers shot smus prime who
does a kid-friendly review videos he'll
have this one shortly SS Juke a tea boy
will have a 10 minute concise review of
this figure and if you want a full fat
30 minute 40 minute review video and
where you want to sit down have a cup of
coffee
and a cup of tea check out the reviewer
King I'll put links in all those reviews
in the description below so check those
guys out this is just a quick pose video
because I'm so impressed by this figure
I've never done that pose video for any
other figures that I have purely because
this is probably one of the most well
engineered extremely well articulated
I'm just so impressed by what hot toys
have done with regard to the actual how
to the mechanics of how this works so
I'm not going to go through that I'm
sure the reviews will go through that I
just want to show you a couple of ponies
poses I've decided I haven't decided how
to put them how to put this in the
cabinet yet but I'm putting a few ideas
together this is one of them you can put
the Tony Stark head on here it fits on
really easily
it looks let me zoom in a little bit it
doesn't look messy that the joint the
ball joint fits on really well for those
who are wondering this is not a standard
Tony Stark headsets it's been modified
with the blue lights obviously for those
who have seen my previous videos will
know I had this custom modded so I
thought it looks really nice for that
futuristic look about this particular
figure so this is one potential pose I
might have him in
the detail of that's great
so this is one pose
on to the next one so here is the second
pose because he's from Iron Man 3 I
thought I opposed him with the Python in
ace of combat scene where they're both
fighting off an attack from various
enemies start boosters in a classic
repulsor firing pose leaning forward
very aggressive pose and I've got the
Python with his head head mask up the
faceplate is up this is not the standard
Python faceplates it's a custom head
sculpt here so don't expect it to be
everywhere but it's something I picked
up I thought was quite nice the star
boosts feels very solid when you put it
a pose it feels that it's going to stay
in that pose so you can I think and get
a lot of range of motion and I think
that this pose is an iconic Iron Man
attacking pose and it just it looks
really good the contrast in the colors
between the black the white the the
plates that has the ceramic plates
so yeah I like I quite like this pose
hadn't decided which ones you use yet
for my display so let's go on to the
final and third pose right guys this is
the third pose I actually spent about 20
minutes trying to do the power pose with
him if you guys are planning on giving a
try be careful because you could well
scratch some paint off that I have done
already and I don't think it's
articulated enough to do it I have seen
a picture of it online that someone has
done it he may have just taken the ball
joint off the the leg
I don't think articulation allows for it
but I'm sure the reviewers will probably
go through it because they want to see
if what's the range of motion he can do
but anyway I decided to go for this of
space I'm floating an orbit type look so
his arms just help position keeping his
position outside the space station while
he's working on something and there he
is conscious floating in the air giving
that overall orbital look and I think
this is a fantastic suit and the
dimensions the flexibility absolutely
perfect I can't fault this at the moment
that I've I've only had it for about a
couple of hours playing about with it
and a few I know a few collectors have
it already and the review is I'm sure
going to loads of detail about this but
one of I think actually one of the best
iron figures that have come out I'm so
impressed by this and I don't normally
say that this is an amazing suit that
definitely won't have any variants there
won't be any exclusives so if you guys
can pick this up pick it up ill if
you're an Iron Man fan you've got to
have this if you're a non Iron Man fan
it's something definitely a little bit
different not like a usual like mark 42
or Mach 7 just something really unusual
completely different color scheme
absolutely
will fit in and blend in with a lot of
collections so anyway that's my short
three pose video and I'll leave it on
that notes thanks for watching guys
appreciate it